Update readme (#178)
stfc/aiida-mlip: docs/source/user_guide/get_started.rst

Reviewer: This generally makes sense, but it also doesn't explain in as much detail as explicitly what's happening in terms of AiiDA configuration etc. It almost might make more sense to completely swap the README and these sections.

Perhaps just a bit more detail here mirroring what we're trying to discuss in the README would be good?

The latest stable release of ``aiida-mlip``, including its dependencies, can be installed from PyPI by running in the venv:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install aiida-mlip

To get all the latest changes, ``aiida-mlip`` can also be installed from GitHub:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/stfc/aiida-mlip.git

By default, no machine learnt interatomic potentials (MLIPs) will be installed with ``aiida-mlip``.
However, ``aiida-mlip`` currently provides an ``extra``, allowing MACE to be installed:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install aiida-mlip[mace]

For additional MLIPs, it is recommended that the ``extra`` dependencies provided by ``janus-core`` are used.
For example, to install CHGNet and SevenNet, run:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install janus-core[chgnet,sevennet]

Please refer to the ``janus-core`` `documentation <https://stfc.github.io/janus-core/getting_started/getting_started.html#installation>`_ for further details.

Once ``aiida-mlip`` and the desired MLIP calculators are installed, run::

    verdi presto  # better to set up a new profile
    verdi plugin list aiida.calculations  # should now show your calculation plugins

> Then use ``verdi code setup`` with the ``janus`` input plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, use ``verdi code setup`` with the ``janus`` input plugin
```

> to set up an AiiDA code for aiida-mlip. This `notebook <https://github.com/stfc/aiida-mlip/blob/main/examples/tutorials/setup-janus-code.ipynb>`_ may be useful.

Reviewer: Can we link https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/stable/howto/run_codes.html#how-to-create-a-code here?

> .. note:: At this point only a profile has been setup, meaning you may be able to run some notebooks but you will have limited functionality.
>     `Aiida docs <https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/stable/installation/guide_quick.html#quick-install-limitations>`_
>     explain the limitations of not setting up a broker or PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    If you have not set up the RabbitMQ message broker, you should be now able to ``run`` processes,
    as demonstrated in the `tutorial notebooks <https://github.com/stfc/aiida-mlip/tree/main/examples/tutorials>`_,
    but cannot ``submit`` processes.
    
    The PostgreSQL database is not configured by default.
    Please refer to the `Aiida documentation <https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/stable/installation/guide_quick.html#quick-install-limitations>`_
    for more details on the limitations of not setting up a broker or PostgreSQL.
```
Or similar.

Just being a bit more explicit, more rewording is welcome.
